(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 39)
Well, how are the results?
It's an imaginary cancer.
"Imaginary cancer"?
Do you mean it's like imagining cancer?
Yes. Have you heard about imaginary pregnancy?
Yes. When you want to have a child so desperately,
even your stomach gets bigger.
Yes. That's the case for him.
I think it started from mental stress.
But still, he even vomited blood.
If you have imaginary cancer,
do you get those symptoms too?
If he's suffering so much,
he wouldn't eat on time...
or sleep on time.
There's stress stomachache too.
He shows inflammation and malnutrition.
He may have symptoms that look like stomach cancer.
I don't think...
it's only about his imagination.
Then...
he created that cancer because he wanted to die?
I think that's the case for your father.
Then...
he's going to survive, right?
Ji An.
Leave her.
Sir, then if I tell my father...
that he doesn't have cancer,
will the symptoms go away?
It's not that simple.
He probably has serious depression.
"Depression"?
For now, I'll transfer you to the neuropsychiatry.
There aren't that many fathers in Korea...
who talk about their worries to others.
Families don't have to live together.
We just need to live the best of our lives.
Whatever the stage I am, I'm not getting treatment.
I couldn't choose how to live,
but I'll choose how I'll die.
Are you still crying?
He doesn't have cancer. Why would you cry?
Are you crying because you're happy?
Does your heart ache?
Because I know.
Because I know why he did that.
My heart aches so much.
It's shocking.
He must've been in so much pain...
to have created cancer.
By the way, where's Dad?
I'll just try calling him.
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
His phone's still turned off.
What do we do now?
I mean, where do we find Dad?
Let's go home for now.
- My goodness. - We're here.
Hi. Manager Sunwoo.
Move this to the wrapping section.
And you can clean this garbage.
- Why move the wrapping? - Well...
Mr. Kim, who does the wrapping,
suddenly called and said that he quit today.
The absence of Seo Ji An...
is very noticeable.
Since the quick hand isn't around,
we can barely manage to do the cutting.
- You should do the work. - What?
I have an important meeting.
You want me to do the work? Alone?
I posted a hiring ad on the internet.
I'm going on my first date today.
Gosh.
Please.
I called.
Dad quit the distribution center two years ago.
Two years?
Did he work on a daily basis for two years then?
How did he...
bring the same pay for two years?
They fired everyone over the age of 60.
No one's in touch with him since then. What now?
I can't find where he is.
His phone's off. What should we do?
What if we can't find him?
We'll find him.
Don't worry about it, Mom.
How do we find him?
We know nothing about Dad.
Dad will turn his phone on at least once.
He'll know that we're worried.
What if he threw out his phone?
Gosh, Honey. My goodness.
No. He'd never do that.
How are you so sure?
Dad already ran away from his family...
and decided to die alone.
Because he's Dad.
He didn't leave us.
He left because he thinks we don't need him.
He knows we'll call him when we get the result.
He'll check at least once.
And he might be curious about the result too.
You don't seem to be worried indeed.
Because we'll find him.
There's nothing to worry about. He's not ill.
We've bought time.
Things I want to do.
Play three songs perfectly.
Have a recital in front of my parents' graves.
Watch a movie in a theater.
Go to schools.
Things I want to eat.
Gondre rice, buckwheat bukumi,
tadpole noodles,
Mom and Dad's Chinese restaurant,
and Jugyo-dong bulgogi.
Isn't it too late for design school now?
I'm glad I can go at least now.
It's really fun.
It's not your major.
You won't get a job by studying at an academy.
That's not why I'm attending the classes.
I don't even want to get an office job now.
Designing and making things...
is more fun than I thought.
Hey, Ji An. You're too old to do something for fun.
Ji Tae.
When I didn't come back home and disappeared,
I went to a mountain to end my life.
What?
Ji An.
You know, when you're about to die,
people say that your life flashes before your eyes.
That actually happened to me.
But I only saw regrets.
"Why did I live like that?"
"Why did I try so hard to get an office job?"
"Why did I put myself in pain for years..."
"in my youth?"
Since things didn't go my way,
I was always angry and shut myself off.
Even from Mom and Dad.
I felt sorry to everyone around me.
If I was sorry to everyone and had only regrets...
at the moment I thought I was dying,
that means I'd been living a wrong life.
I didn't know that.
I had no idea.
I knew that Dad went looking for you,
but you were always brave and took things well.
I'm sorry, Ji An.
I didn't tell you to make you feel sad.
I'm telling you because it's all in the past.
When I saw you again,
I was really happy to see you.
So I realized...
that I must work on something I want...
to have no regrets.
Everything depends on how you perceive things.
Dad's problem is an example of it too.
Have you ever thought of our parents dying?
I got so scared.
Ji Tae.
I learned many people have different views in life.
There are other ways too.
Should we have gotten hot food? It's cold today.
You're not eating much.
No... No. This is delicious.
I just can't eat at ease because I'm nervous.
Actually, I feel the same.
It's our 1st meal on our 1st date.
I see. Then we don't have to finish.
There's food involved in what I wanted to do.
What is it? Why is food involved?
Do you want to go to that theater again?
No. Well, I want to walk around crowded areas.
Like Hongdae, Garosugil, and Gyeongridangil.
I wanted to walk around places like those...
while we eat street food.
My gosh.
What is it?
You're cute.
Seriously?
Stop it.
I'm sorry for being rude before.
I misunderstood some things about you.
What? What kind of misunderstandings?
You know my sister, right?
She became happy since she's with Nam Goo,
but she was very timid before they got together.
I know.
She'd been timid since she was scarred in her past.
I hated seeing my sister living a lethargic life.
I couldn't understand my sister.
So I got the wrong idea about you when you did...
a bad job at the dentist.
So when you couldn't speak up for yourself...
and followed me around, I found you frustrating.
I see.
You liked confident women who have...
positive influences on you.
In a nutshell, you liked smart women, right?
Who?
Do you mean my first love?
What?
I was in high school and still lost back then.
Influence I had was important back then.
I'm an adult now.
But if so,
why do you like me?
What do you like about me?
There's no reason for liking someone.
But still. You didn't like me before.
I was sorry for hating you after I got to know you.
And I saw the notebook of your written recipes.
I took a peek when you left it at the cafe.
What? You read my notebook?
I learned that you had a goal.
And when you stopped Hee from leaving,
you fell while running,
but you didn't even know you were hurt.
That day, I was touched.
I choked up a bit too.
I learned that you had a big heart. Then...
Then?
Then I suddenly started to have feelings for you.
Do you need anything more?
I just like who you are.
Who I am? Just like that?
I just like you because you're you.
What is it?
It's been a while...
since someone told me they like me for myself.
It's so nice to hear that again.
I'll buy you pork belly since it's our last day.
"Pork belly"?
You don't eat fatty meat. It's not healthy.
Then do you expect me to buy beef with this pay?
But I like beef.
Please eat a lot.
You too.
Okay.
By the way, you have my respect.
I thought you would quit after your first day.
The pay is generous.
You should go back home now.
You and Ji An can be together later.
You must go on with your life first.
How can you continue to live paycheck to paycheck?
This has nothing to do with her now.
Pardon?
It became a fight between me and my grandfather.
He doesn't want to give me a fair chance at this.
But if I go back like this,
I can't live with myself.
How will you go up against him?
I must be independent without any ties to him.
Even if it means I must start from the bottom.
You're back to square one.
Your efforts for weeks have been wasted.
I know, right?
But I don't mind the hard work.
I'm beginning to think that I'm finally living...
my own, true life now.
- Dig in. - Okay. Enjoy.
What is it?
No... Nothing.
Hey. Let's have some of that.
Let's go get it.
What is it?
What?
- Left or right? Right? - To the right.
I'm going to do it now.
- It's going down. - Okay.
I got it! I won it!
Here.
Thank you.
That was easy.
I like it.
Where do you live?
I want to drop you off today.
No. You didn't bring your car today.
I can take a taxi.
Do you have a secret about your family?
Like it turns out that you live in a palace?
Is it like where Elsa, from Frozen, lives?
No... No. That's not it.
It's just that my parents are quite strict.
It's kind of late today anyway.
I should bring my car next time.
There comes the taxi.
Make sure you call me when you get home today.
I will. I had a lot of fun today.
Bye.
31 3985.
(Ji Soo's taxi number 31 3985)
I wonder if her parents are really strict.
It looks like you had a tough day.
I worked at an ice factory.
Fortunately, today was my last day.
How about your new business item?
Nothing yet.
Perhaps you're still looking for...
a business opportunity like a rich man?
What do you mean?
It's hard to stop being who you've been...
for the past 33 years.
You should lower your standards.
Thank you for your advice.
By the way, did you wait to give me an advice?
No. If you're going to keep doing part-time jobs,
you should work at the woodworking studio.
What can I do there?
The staff in charge of packaging had quit.
And Ji An's busy with a family situation.
So we're behind the schedule.
Why is Ji An busy?
Is something wrong with her family?
I don't know the details,
but I think her father is not well.
Her father?
Are you all right, sir?
How is he not well?
I am not sure.
She went to the hospital to hear the diagnosis.
Let's...
stop it then.
Ji An.
Why do you care?
Why do you care if I die of high fever or not?
You shouldn't have cared.
I am nobody to you.
Hyuk.
Ji An.
How's your father? What happened?
My father is okay.
Is he okay? You said he collapsed.
Yes. Anyway, he's fine.
So that's why you're happy.
Yes, very happy.
By the way, where are you coming from?
Now that you're feeling better, I can tell you.
What is it?
I am going out...
with my bakery friend.
Really?
I'm coming back from a date.
Then maybe...
Let's talk inside.
Ji An, I'll go inside first.
What is it?
How is your father?
How is he?
How did you find out?
He's fine.
I heard he collapsed.
How can he be fine?
He did collapse,
but he will be fine.
Did you come to ask me that?
Do I really not mean anything to you?
You like me. So how can you do this?
Are your words different from your mind?
How can you do that?
How can your mind and body act differently?
Why did you take care of me?
Did you pity me?
Is that why you took care of me...
without saying a word about your sick father?
How can I be the only one who doesn't know about it?
Is it so hard to tell me that you are struggling?
I never told other people that I was struggling.
But other people know about it.
At least they know what's happening to you.
Do Kyung.
Why does Hyuk know about your situation?
I guess it's because he's your friend.
Then why does Yong Gook know?
He's my boss.
I am his staff.
I have to report to him...
about why I have to leave during working hours.
I can't leave work without telling him.
Is there nothing...
that connects us?
There's nothing.
Aren't we over?
You said this was over.
It was because you were being a coward.
What?
Ji An, you are acting very cowardly.
Your words and actions are completely different.
So I told you.
I can't control my feelings for you.
But I have no intention of doing anything more.
- Do you think this is... - All right. Okay.
That's enough.
Let's stop there.
It's...
hard for me to do this too.
Do I really not mean anything to you?
I am going out...
with my bakery friend.
Goodnight.
You too, Mr. Sunwoo.
How can you call your boyfriend like that?
Then how should I call you?
Anything other than "Mr. Sunwoo" is good.
Goodnight,
Hyuk.
Goodnight, Ji Soo.
(Ji An)
Hello?
Do you have time during your lunchtime tomorrow?
033 is the area code of Gangwon Province.
But nobody is in his hometown.
Where could he have called?
Tomorrow, I will call the village head...
of Father's hometown and ask.
Will you do that?
Yes. You should sleep now.
By the way,
is something wrong between you two?
What?
Is Soo A away because of me?
Because the atmosphere here is awkward?
It's not that.
Her company publishes reference books,
so when they're publishing a new book,
they sometimes work away for over a month.
Is that right? I'm relieved then.
Don't even tell her about Father.
It will only burden her.
Mr. Kang, I will go out for a while.
Okay. Wait.
Starting tomorrow, come to work by 7am.
- 7am? - Yes.
I am a breadwinner now.
So I should make more bread and money.
Now that you've mastered the basic dough,
I'll teach you to make bread. Can you make it?
Of course I can. Of course I can.
- You're here. - Why would you run?
You could've fallen.
I was worried that you might be hungry.
My goodness. What's for today's lunch?
It's avocado pollack roe bibimbap and miso soup.
We saw it on TV yesterday,
and Nam Goo craved for it.
Gosh, I can't say anything.
I used to eat cup noodles all the time,
so my stomach is going crazy right now.
It's like, "What's going on? This is unlike you."
Come on.
I'd like to learn how to cook from you too.
Ji Soo, can you come back in 50 minutes?
Of course. I have to come back...
so you can go on your lunchtime stroll.
I'll be back.
I will cut this avocado.
Will you do that?
Of course. It's too hard for you. See?
How could you cut it with your soft hands?
- What was that? - My goodness.
Would this be too weak for a competition submission?
It's so-so.
I hope an idea just hits me.
Are you preparing for a competition too?
No, I am not. I've just enrolled in this class.
But this is only an idea competition.
It's okay if you're new to this class.
Can I take a look at it then?
- Go ahead. - Thank you.
Is this the village hall?
I am calling to ask you about something.
I heard from Hyuk.
I heard you're going out together.
Yes.
It was obvious that he was into you.
But...
it seemed like you haven't told him about us,
so I wanted to talk about it.
Hyuk doesn't seem to know yet.
Yes, I haven't told him yet.
I don't know if I should tell him.
You should tell him now if you're together.
It's going to be tough to tell him.
But Hyuk will know...
if you used to be my twin sister.
He knows everything.
Well, he doesn't know...
every detail between us.
He only knows the main facts.
But I think you should tell him...
that you are the daughter of Haesung Corporation.
Do I have to tell him that?
We only went out once.
When people start dating,
they don't talk about what their parents do.
Usually, people don't.
But you're different.
I will tell him a little later.
I need time to think too.
Okay. You should do that then.
When I decide to tell him,
I will tell you.
Okay.
I have to go back to work, so I'll go now.
I'm back.
Let's eat lunch, Do Kyung.
Hey, Ji An.
The investors decided to withdraw?
It was Do Kyung's grandfather.
He was so happy to get the investment.
Are you upset?
To be honest, it's upsetting.
I expected something to happen.
But it's worse than what you imagined, right?
But the fact even crazier than that...
is that it made Do Kyung even more determined.
He will never go back home like this.
He won't go back?
He's very determined.
You know that we're in need of a staff.
So I made him work here for a few days.
Please bear with it even if it's awkward.
[VIU Ver] E39 My Golden Life "I Can Never Date You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What are you thinking?
I know that you have pride,
but you can't beat them.
You know that. Why are you doing this?
Just accept your fate, and go back to your place.
He's your grandfather after all.
Stop it.
Do you think I am a thoughtless person?
You know where you should be to be happy.
That's why you don't need me.
Then why are you...
ignoring my feelings and telling me to go back?
Who are you to say that?
It's a reckless decision. That's all.
Your pride doesn't let you achieve everything.
That's my call.
Right.
I will go back one day.
I know that it's my path.
I won't give up Haesung Corporation.
However,
I don't want to live as my grandfather's puppet.
At first, I told you that it'd only take me a month.
I thought I could do it.
Now,
I am worried that a year might not be enough.
I am afraid.
So...
don't treat me like someone...
who always gets whatever he wants.
Okay.
I am sorry for being nosy.
It's filled with customers.
It's frustrating.
How can you make money with such a small place?
You should go.
Our scales are too different.
Anyway, when I take over the business,
I won't have time to hang out with you.
Hey, what do you mean?
You should hire a staff and hang out with me.
Why would I bother to hire a staff for you?
I can pay for the staff.
Hang out with me just until I go abroad.
If the owner is not there,
that shop is bound to fail.
I can't do that.
You're so petty.
Did you forget that I dragged you home?
I will pay you back for that.
After signing the contract tomorrow,
I am going to work here for no pay.
Just once? My gosh. Never mind.
Hey.
You keep peeking at my shop.
Are you going to buy something?
Hello, sir.
I will be the one to take over this place.
I will be signing the contract tomorrow.
What? What do you mean?
I already sold this place.
- What? - What?
(Top Class Business Consulting)
Give my money back!
My money!
- Give it back to me! - My Money.
(Waffle)
My goodness. I think you got scammed.
No way.
I have a question for you.
Shouldn't you go there too?
My 5,000 dollars!
Hey, look at this. In this contract...
Is this contract even valid?
Please calm down.
Sir, there are no more orders, right? I'm done.
Are your hands motored?
There's no more. You may go home.
Okay.
- See you tomorrow. - Bye.
(Father)
Yes, Father.
Father... Father.
Are you even working with Ji An here?
What?
Father, how did you...
Did mother check on me?
She hasn't yet.
What?
The day you left, I took this from your car.
Black box.
- Then... - There were...
many interesting clips.
There was So Ra too.
I'm returning this to you...
after seeing this only for myself.
Then...
were you the only one who knew about this?
That's why I am telling you this.
Do Kyung,
give up on Ji An, and come back home.
Father,
you can never make her happy.
What do you mean?
I was...
once ordinary just like Ji An.
And this is the conclusion I came up with...
after being married to your mother for 34 years.
She will be living like me too.
You mean...
I also once believed love could overcome anything.
I was pure and naive.
I thought everything would be okay if I tried hard.
For Haesung Corporation...
I mean,
for your grandfather and mother,
I thought I should be able to do good enough.
I was foolish and simple.
This is surprising.
I've never seen you have such a hard time.
Do you think Ji An will let you see that?
Since you ran away from home now,
I just waited and watched you do as you please.
But you lost to your grandfather as I expected.
I didn't lose to him yet.
He built his company into a corporation.
It's not something that anyone can do.
You...
will never defeat your grandfather.
I'm here to tell you that.
Dad.
Did you think we wouldn't find you here?
Gosh, the air is so good.
What... What are you doing here?
I should check if your new place is good to live in.
Ji Ho, go see if the room is warm enough.
Okay.
How did you come here?
My grandfather used to live here.
You lack imagination.
He's an emergency patient, so the biopsy results...
will be available tomorrow at around 5pm.
The floor is warm.
There's nothing here though.
(My name is Seo Tae Soo. I hope it won't happen,)
(but if you find me collapsed on the floor,)
(please call Hyangrim Hospital or Yang Mi Jung.)
Ji An.
(My name is Seo Tae Soo. I hope it won't happen,)
(but if you find me collapsed on the floor,)
(please call Hyangrim Hospital or Yang Mi Jung.)
It's getting cold inside. Just close the door.
Ji Ho, close the door.
- Okay. - Bring the bowl with you.
Okay.
Just leave it. I'll do that.
Wait. Leave it there.
We see you're doing fine. We should get going then.
It's a five-minute walk to the bus station.
Ji An said there were no buses around here before.
I'm leaving, Dad. I should go to work tomorrow.
Okay.
Get some rest.
You came.
I'm not here to go with you for the surgery.
I want a divorce.
You win. I'll do as you please.
But please...
give birth to that baby.
Then I will divorce you.
Seo Ji Tae.
I'm not asking you to raise our baby.
I'll raise the baby myself.
I'll call the police.
You know it's illegal.
What do you think you are doing?
I did the math.
We had the baby before the wedding ceremony.
You know that, right?
Why does that matter?
I want us to be responsible...
for our actions.
So you'll have the baby,
and I will raise the baby.
Are you threatening me?
I don't want to ruin your life.
You don't have to live a poor life.
I can take paternity leave.
I'll take a year's paternity leave.
There's a nursery near the Cheongju branch.
I'll apply for that branch.
You can just take...
a two months' maternity leave.
Then you'll be able to keep working.
Ji Tae.
So get in.
You have my address. Please drive us there.
Ji Tae.
Don't say anything.
You should go in.
Here.
It's your choice if you throw it away or not.
Dad gave it to you.
Between the baby and me,
you chose the baby?
You made me have no choice.
Go.
I'll leave after I see you get in.
Ji An.
Did you see Dad's poster?
He even found a sanatorium.
It means he decided to die alone.
I should get him a dresser in his room.
But I'm glad I listened to you.
Dad couldn't do anything.
What if we don't tell him it's an imaginary cancer?
What do you mean?
It doesn't matter to Dad...
if the cancer is real or not.
Dad wants to die after all.
He's still deeply wounded.
You're right.
The doctor said he'll need psychotherapy.
From all accounts we've heard from Dad,
he believes all of us don't need him.
Mom already showed it through her actions.
And we did it too.
I was the worst.
I'm still worried though.
If we tell Dad that it's not a cancer,
and it's just a stress gastric ulcer,
he'd be...
so embarrassed.
He couldn't be able to come back home.
Then we should just let him believe...
it's a stomach cancer?
Ji Tae, do you remember how we treated Dad...
before his business collapsed?
Dad was always like a superhero to me.
It's not just about money.
"Dad, please tie my shoestrings."
"Dad, I have a test tomorrow, but I'm sleepy."
"Please stay with me."
I used to go to bathhouses and hiking with him...
every weekend.
I also told him about my girlfriend.
Sometimes, I talked about my mean senior.
Dad told me one day.
After his business collapsed,
I didn't even look him in his eyes.
That's true.
"Dad, are you all right?"
I never said that.
I asked that every night...
when his business was going well.
I thought Dad didn't know anything.
He always smiled.
He vented out his built-up resentments...
because of me.
I can't leave him as he is now.
If his imaginary cancer...
was caused because he felt betrayed by his family,
we should get rid of his sense of betrayal...
to make the symptoms go away.
Do you want him to find it out himself?
So? You lost 5,000 dollars like that?
Yes.
It turns out Dad was right.
I know I'm pathetic.
Let's say you learned your lesson with that money.
So what are you going to do now?
I want to start a business.
Once I come up with a business plan,
I'll work in the field for a year as Dad advised.
But I don't know what to do yet.
You should first think about...
if you are good at running a business or not.
I'll have to try it then.
You can try it at the flea market or something.
"Flea market"?
I'll look up a flea market location tonight.
I'll make the earrings.
Can you make them in just a few days?
I can even make at least 10 pairs of them tonight.
You should look for nice clothes.
Don't worry about that.
I know where to get sponsored.
You're going out early in the morning?
Yes. I'm going to assist his baking regularly now.
So I won't be able to join breakfast.
You don't need to do that.
Quit that bakery now.
Pardon?
I was going to tell you anyway.
We've decided to send you abroad.
We've assigned a 24-hour bodyguard too.
You can study baking abroad.
Study... Study abroad?
You should get better education.
If you study baking as a patissier in France,
I'll launch a bakery for you in FNB.
You never said that before.
You never asked me either.
We chose Do Kyung and Seo Hyun's path too.
I don't want to go abroad.
Why should I?
Ji Soo.
I'm telling you now. I don't want to go abroad.
This is so unfair.
How could you just notify me...
without discussing it with me?
That's the rule in this family.
You like baking. What's the matter?
You're not sending me abroad for that reason.
You're trying to make me study...
so I wouldn't humiliate this family.
You're not concerned even a bit...
about my opinions, intentions, or dreams.
But your education isn't enough for us,
and it's right to fill what you lack.
I'm going to book a ticket by next week,
so keep that in mind.
No.
I'm not going.
- Hey. - I'll never leave.
No?
You have no right to make me study abroad.
I have a right to choose for my own life.
I couldn't understand it until now.
Why do you think that conglomerates...
are special?
- What? - How are they special?
You just have more money than other people.
You still eat three meals a day.
You always ordered me around.
Manners and pride. I never liked any of it.
I could never sleep well since I moved in here.
That's a military academy rather than home.
- Seo Ji Soo. - Yes.
Yes. I'm Seo Ji Soo.
I lived as Seo Ji Soo,
and I want to stay that way.
I want to be Seo Ji Soo, who was always loved.
("Second Pathfinder Opens Next Month.")
Why are you here at this hour?
Are you here because you're worried?
Well, I had work to do.
What are you doing here at this hour?
Yong Gook took my laptop, so I'm using this one.
What are you doing? Do you want me to help you?
No.
What are you doing?
I'm using what they're going to throw out anyway.
I heard I can upcycle wood pieces and sawdust.
Was it called "pellets"?
Are you looking for something to upcycle?
Tell me. What kind of wood are you looking for?
You shouldn't go through sawdust in bare hands.
What will that do to your hands?
It's fine since I like it. My hands don't matter.
Why do you like this? I don't understand you.
I'd get it if you have a job.
But look at what you're doing now.
Why would you refuse to be a wife of Haesung?
Do you feel inferior because you can't be one?
This is why I can never date you.
We have nothing in common.
I don't like you anymore. Don't even think about it.
I wasn't planning to.
Why won't you get upset?
Why are you happy when I'm like this?
You weren't planning to?
You're not going to do anything with me?
Then why did you send me that picture?
Why did you send me your picture in Incheon?
Why did you leave the bag?
You kept making me worry.
Did you do that on purpose?
Weren't you trying to get me involved?
Explain all that one by one.
Why didn't you come pick up your bag?
Did you want me to bring it back to you?
Why did you overreact when I visited you?
You know that'd stimulate me.
Why did you go to Incheon?
You called Sunwoo Hyuk anyway.
You sent a sign to both of us, right?
You sent me a picture. What did you send to him?
Oh, and why did you call him?
Do you like him? You like me.
Why would you call someone who likes you then?
You shouldn't behave like that.
I tried to initialize the phone and dump it...
because you bought it for me,
but...
I found a photo of you that you told me to take.
I only sent the picture...
because it's yours.
And I didn't know I left my bag.
You don't know because you weren't there.
I got kicked out so fast.
Why are you so firm?
Why do you act like you mean what you say?
Why are you going through sawdust looking all happy?
See? You're not upset again.
Do you know how hard it is to put up with you?
How can you ignore me like this?
Stop it.
Stop what? You do whatever you like to do.
I took your father to the hospital...
when he collapsed at our office.
Your father searched the terminal with your photo.
He went through dead women in police station.
So I told him you're in Yeonnam-dong.
Then what did you do? You yelled at me.
Police station?
I'm disappointed in you too.
He went through...
dead women?
Hey. I mean...
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that, okay?
It's okay.
I should say...
something I haven't said.
Thank you...
for telling my dad.
for taking care of my dad.
I think...
I've said and heard everything I need.
I need to focus, so stop talking to me.
Hey. Seo Ji An.
Do I look funny to you?
Just because I like you...
What's wrong with me?
Why am I being so childish?
Aren't you hungry?
What? You're still here?
Why didn't you leave?
I told you that I'm using the laptop.
Did you not have dinner?
No, I didn't.
Do you even know what time it is?
I tried to initialize the phone and dump it...
because you bought it for me.
She tried to initialize the phone and dump it?
She tried to erase any trace of herself?
It's the result of Ji An's phone location.
It lost signal a week ago.
The last signal was caught in Incheon.
She went to Incheon without a wallet...
and dumped the phone after resetting it?
Why?
Are you playing with Ji An when you can't...
take responsibility?
What if I take the responsibility?
If you could...
You were her brother once.
How could you leave her like that at the end?
Let me ask you a favor.
Don't disturb Ji An.
She just got back to herself.
Leave her be.
If you really care about her.
I've...
overcome my time between life and death.
So I know now. I do.
I know where I belong,
how I am,
and where I should be to be happy.
Ji Soo left early in the morning.
Why?
She's going to assist baking at the bakery.
My goodness.
I guess it really fits her.
I know.
Ji Soo.
Why are you here so early?
You said you waited since the day before.
You're smart. That's great.
Then shall we start now?
Paddle.
Here you go.
Where are you going? Let me drive you.
No. I want to go alone.
Thank you for letting me use your car.
Buy squids.
Hello there. Are you looking for squids?
Is the laver field open today?
Not today because of the bad weather.
My goodness.
You're the handsome boy who came last time.
Do you know me?
You were looking for Ms. Seo.
Haven't you met her yet?
Well, about her.
How did Ms. Seo get to work in laver field?
Excuse me.
Who are you?
I'm here to find something out.
Well, who are you...
to ask me about Ms. Seo?
You told Sunwoo Hyuk about her.
The one who took Ji An.
That's because he was here first.
I had to explain what was going on.
I was a step behind back then.
Right after Ji An left with him.
How's Ms. Seo doing?
Yes. She said she's happy.
Then that's enough.
Why would you want to talk about it now?
She doesn't open up to me.
I thought I might find the answer here.
She said she had overcome...
her time between life and death.
Are you the reason...
she ended up coming here?
I was one of her many reasons.
Do you see that mountain?
I found her near the top of that mountain.
She collapsed after taking medicine.
I was going to let her go,
but she seemed she'd do it again.
That's why I kept her and made her work...
so she wouldn't think about anything else.
She tried to die?
Not even a cellphone or an ID.
She had nothing.
Unless her friend...
found her accidentally when he came to buy laver,
she would've died here while drying laver.
She refused to go even when her friend was here.
He had to persuade her for several days.
Why do you care?
Hyuk. Get him off me.
I don't know why he's doing this.
Ji An.
(My Golden Life)
Is he your brother?
You met my brother?
Then who's Seo Ji Soo?
But I have plans today.
With whom? Sunwoo Hyuk?
What are you doing here?
Why would you come here one by one?
Please stop this now.
What happened with Do Kyung?
Have you found the girl?
Not yet.
It's Vice Chairman Choi Do Kyung's address.
Ji An.
I'm sorry I didn't know.
I get why we can't work it out now.
From now on, I'll make you feel easy.